refactor 🤷 (#1091)
ory/docs: docs/concepts/cache.mdx

---
id: cache
title: Low-Latency Edge Network
sidebar_label: Low-Latency
---

> The Ory Network provides a global edge-network to provide low-latency access to critical-path APIs. These APIs are eventually
> consistent, meaning that changes you make might not be immediately reflected in the API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ory Network provides a global Edge Network to ensure low-latency access to critical-path APIs. These APIs are eventually
consistent, which means that the changes you make are always reflected in the API, even if in some cases this might not be instantaneous.
```

No hyphen in "Edge Network". Capitalized since it seems to be used as a proper term. Also, Google does that:
https://peering.google.com/#/

Author: Applied in another changeset

Reviewer: Sorry, but I don't think this was applied. Something got funked in the process? 🤔
